README.md, before:

# Predictability-First-Analysis-of-Time-Series-Forecasting
_A priority-aware framework for layer-wise material selection (Metal–Dielectric–Semiconductor) with single-pass 3D evaluation._

This repository provides the full implementation of the MOSFET layer-wise material selection framework, including:
- Material and Properties Selecting Tool (Stage I)
- AI-assisted Material Selecting Tool (Stage II, Metal & Dielectric)
- IEEE-style paper with equations, flowcharts, and validation case study (28 nm LP-CMOS)

## Quick Start
1. Clone the repo:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-org>/<your-repo>.git
cd <your-repo>
```
2. Create and activate environment:
```bash
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate  # (Windows: .venv\Scripts\activate)
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Open the notebooks in `notebooks/` folder using Jupyter or VS Code.

## License
This work is released under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for details.

## Citation
If you use this work, please cite:
> Y. Fu, F. Lu, Q. Lin, and T. H. Teo, "Predictability-First Analysis of Time-Series Forecasting for Semiconductor Equipment Health Monitoring," 2026.

Commit message:

Revise README for Predictability-First Analysis project
Updated project description and focus to reflect new emphasis on time-series forecasting and semiconductor equipment health monitoring.

README.md, after:

# Predictability-First-Analysis-of-Time-Series-Forecasting
_A priority-aware framework for layer-wise material selection (Metal–Dielectric–Semiconductor) with single-pass 3D evaluation._

This repository provides the full implementation of Predictability-First Analysis of Time-Series Forecasting for Semiconductor Equipment Health Monitoring, including:
- DATA ANALYSIS OF PREDICTABILITY
- Machine Learning/Sattatical/Deep Learning models for Time-Series Forecasting

## Quick Start
1. Clone the repo:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/<your-org>/<your-repo>.git
cd <your-repo>
```
2. Create and activate environment:
```bash
python -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate  # (Windows: .venv\Scripts\activate)
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Open the notebooks in `notebooks/` folder using Jupyter or VS Code.

## License
This work is released under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for details.

## Citation
If you use this work, please cite:
> Y. Fu, F. Lu, Q. Lin, and T. H. Teo, "Predictability-First Analysis of Time-Series Forecasting for Semiconductor Equipment Health Monitoring," 2026.
